Add meta description to some pages (#3853)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/installation-guide/open-distro/distributed-deployment/step-by-step-installation/wazuh-cluster/wazuh_single_node_cluster.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Looking for How to install Wazuh and Filebeat server components in a single node Wazuh cluster?Check out this section and learn how.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Looking for how to install Wazuh server components and Filebeat in a single node cluster? Check out this section of our documentation.
```
